.TH APT\-ORIGINS "1" "February 2010" "1\.7" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
apt\-origins \- display origin of installed packages
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B apt\-origins [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
apt\-origins checks in the apt sources where a package is downloadable
from, and assigns each package to an origin (the ordered list of sources,
found either on the command line or in a configuration file)\. It can then
display how many packages come from each source and which ones\. It also
displays not downloadable packages and packages downloadable from known
sources not considered in the ordered list of sources\.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR
This help text
.TP
\fB\-l\fR|\fB\-\-list\fR
Just list available distributions
.TP
\fB\-c\fR|\fB\-\-count\fR
Just display package count by origin
.TP
\fB\-m\fR|\fB\-\-manual\fR
Only display manually installed packages
.TP
\fB\-t\fR|\fB\-\-tabular\fR
Use tabular output format for origin display
.TP
\fB\-C\fR|\fB\-\-columns=\fR \fIinteger\fR
Set the number of columns of the output
.TP
\fB\-L\fR|\fB\-\-lines=\fR \fIinteger\fR
Set the maximal number of packages that can be displayed
.TP
\fB\-o\fR|\fB\-\-order=\fR \fIstring\fR
Set the order in which packages are in the distributions\.
This is a space-jointed string of stanzas like
alias1~site1/archive1/o=origin1/l=label1/a=arch1 where alias1 is the display
name of a distribution of name archive1 at site1, label1 and origin1 being the
values in the Release file. "none" will purge the preceding sources. Giving
only the alias will reselect the defined alias if none was given.
Regexp stanza for package names can be used instead of a mirror.
Simply use REName:pkgname.*$ for any package named beginning by pkgname).
.SH NOTES
Stanza format changed in version 1.7. Just append /a= to the end of your
existing lines if you upgrade from 1.6.
.SH FILES
.TP
\fB~/.apt\-origins\fR
 Ordered list of stanzas alias~site/archive/o=origin/l=label
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jean\-Christophe Dubacq.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2010 Jean\-Christophe Dubacq.
License BSD
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
